[Music]
very good family how are you I hope
you have had a
wonderful and spectacular start to the week and that things go
well in all your projects and in
all your work on this occasion
Monday was full of attacks
from sálvame who did not want to
waste the opportunity to try to ruin the
birthday of the Sevillian Olga
Moreno It seems that the songs of
Antonio David Marta riesgo Olga Moreno
are only vetoed when it does not
interest them because they sound terrible Although on
this occasion the afternoon has been a
complete and shameful spectacle that is as
sad as always first of all the
horrible accusations against Rocío Flores
with words of hate not
only because there may be a
distancing between Rocío Flores and
Olga Moreno but with the malice with which they
utter it not throughout the afternoon what they have
tried to point out was that
Olga Moreno is estranged from her family and
from all her loved ones and that nobody
wants absolutely anything to do with her in
fact what they have done has been publish
images taken out of context with
headlines that said something like well
happy without anyone by her side the worst
birthday  of her life is still 500 and
some kilometers away, all trying to give
an image of a person who
has been turned away by her entire family because she
has a completely
dysfunctional family when the truth is that
is not the case Olga Moreno has received
numerous displays of affection throughout
the day on her birthday and not
only from her family
also from the blue tide
from her YouTube colleagues from
all her friends on social networks
Instagram stories she was in Seville
all weekend she met with friends
from Seville she was with her family her
father her mother was there Olga's sister
were in Seville too that I
saw and they were there to delete her After
that Olga has traveled to Madrid and has
finally celebrated the day with Agustín
something that seems to bother
people I do not understand family I
will be reading the comments box
tell me what you think of this coven I
send you a huge hug and until the
nextvideo
[Music]